#PlayOnLinux League of Legends install script
This is a basic script for running League of Legends with PlayOnLinux, the main reason for me creating this script is
because the old PlayOnLinux script used a old version of both wine and the installer, this one uses the latest
installers from the official League of Legends page.

We recommend you to use the old version of the client for now because the newer client can be hard to get working
correctly and launching it can be pretty unpredictable, however it seems like when it first starts working it
**probably** wont break unless you change something.

This version works by using links and hashes generated by the rust program in the hash_collector folder, this makes it
easier to update the installer files later on. Then it downloads it and runs the installer in a non-GUI mode and
extracts it. When this is done it executes the LoL installer, this is also done automatically without a UI.

## Installation
The installation should be pretty straight forward.
* Start PlayOnLinux.
* Open the tools dropdown menu.
* Select "Run a local script"
* Follow the instructions and select your region.

When you're done with that you will get a shortcut named League of Legends, you should be able to launch it.

Please report any issues on GitHub.

## Using a staging version for CSMT patches
Originally I planned to include a staging wine installation option in the script, but its currently disabled as I
couldn't get it to start patching, however after the first patching is done you should be able to use a staging
version of wine.

## Using the beta client
It is possible to use the beta client, but you need to install a library with winetricks and create a custom
shortcut, doing this seems to be more unstable then just using the old Adobe Air client.

#### Installing the beta client
**NOTE** Before installing the beta you should take a backup using the Vault plugin cause the original patching can
take a long time and you might break your client by doing this.

First you need to find the folder where PlayOnLinux created the wineprefix, this is usually
$HOME/.PlayOnLinux/wineprefix/LeagueOfLegends_NEW.

The next thing you need to do is to install a recent version of winetricks, then you run the command:
```bash
WINEARCH=win32 WINEPREFIX=$HOME/.PlayOnLinux/wineprefix/LeagueOfLegends_NEW/ winetricks vcrun15
```

Then you can launch the league client and start updating to the beta, make sure to close the client after its done
patching. Click configure wine and select windows 7 (newer versions might also work, it seems like having windows xp
first time launching the beta does'nt work). The beta client wont be able to run without the command-line flag
--no-sandbox, so you need to create a shortcut to LeagueClient.exe (not lol.launcher.admin.exe) and add the argument
--no-sandbox

## Known issues
* The patcher might crash multiple times during installation, restarting the client should work and you might need to 
do it more then once.

## Troubleshooting
If you're having issues with the client crashing, launch the patcher in debug mode, look for err: in the console and
google the errors you get. Its most likely a problem with missing libraries and you fix it by installing them.
